Welcome to the ideal eleven of the
bald football players a team in which
your players do not have a hair of
fools guarding the goal we have to
a myth as fabién barthez the soccer of
the 90s and at the beginning of the century I do not know
understand without this keeper a goalkeeper
that will always be remembered for his peeling
and for his love of work we started
the defense with lilian thuram yes is worth
his stage in the Monaco had some hair
but as everything in this life is going
losing
Durán did not need his hair to be
one of the best defenses of the past
decade together we found a gestamp its
mane to the wind and his pelazo will never be
forgotten tall and elegant his baldness not
it prevented him from being one of the best
Dutch defenses of the time and in
the left side we find
Roberto Carlos a player who is not
bald by anatomy but by decision
own speed and power in a
player who made us smile
inside and outside the field these three
players will be in charge of stopping
to the rival forwards without cutting a
hair we enter the center of the field
to start on the right side with
arjen robben one of the players with
best tickets
by its appearance it has always looked more
age of the one who has but his physical does not
it prevents you from being one of the best
players of the fourteenth century injuries what
they will see respected there would be no limit
accompanying him in the middle of the field
another mythical midfielder will be
little witch saw a legend of students
what happened to some of the best
European clubs although that is to say that
He had hair but on the goatee next to him
in the double pivot will be Ivan of the
peña or the little buddha or what pelat like
prefer the motive of your nickname not
needs to be explained to you playmaker with
a technical quality and a last pass
out of the ordinary and if we talk about
technical quality we have to talk about
Zidane your bald is one of the most
remembered of the history of this
sport and its soccer one of the best
that have been seen we never went to the
front to talk about a footballer
that she lost her hair because of
stress
we talk about oscar dertycia that after his
passed through the fiorentina lost everything
exceeded although the qualities of
front were still intact with him
will be the Czech giant jan koller with
its more than 2 meters high is one of
the highest attackers in history
of this sport could even dispute
the stand apart since köhler came to
play reporter a match with the
borussia dormund
and we close our team with the
italian gianluca vialli a forward
remembered for his haircut if the
same as the rest of his classmates a
good extension of the coach inside
of the field so much that in his last year with
the chelsea was player coach and
who better to direct this curious
eleven one of the best coaches in the
world pep guardiola another to which the
The stress of the benches left him without a
hair and accompanying him the good one of paco
jémez and this has been everything now it's your turn
to you decide if this is the best eleven of
bald footballers of history